[PL-46758] Add info in docs regarding the SYSTEM updates (#6936)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/delegates/install-delegates/delegate-upgrades-and-expiration.md

## How automatic upgrade works in the Kubernetes manifest

> The Kubernetes manifest has a component called `upgrader`. The `upgrader` is a cron job that runs every hour by default. Every time it runs, it sends a request to the Harness Manager to determine which delegate version is published for the account. The API returns a payload, such as `harness/delegate:yy.mm.verno`. If the delegate that was involved in this upgrade cron job does not have the same image as what the API returns, the `kubectl set image` command runs to perform a default rolling deployment of the delegate replicas with the newer image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes manifest has a component called `upgrader`. The `upgrader` is a cron job that runs every hour by default. Every time it runs, it sends a request to Harness Manager to determine which delegate version is published for the account. The API returns a payload, such as `harness/delegate:yy.mm.verno`. If the delegate that was involved in this upgrade cron job does not have the same image as what the API returns, the `kubectl set image` command runs to perform a default rolling deployment of the delegate replicas with the newer image.
```

Reviewer: We don't use an article with Harness Manager.

To prevent the installation of the automatic upgrade feature, remove the `CronJob` section before you apply the manifest.

You can also change the time when the upgrade cron job runs by updating the `schedule`. For configuration details, go to [Configure the delegate upgrade schedule](#configure-the-delegate-upgrade-schedule).

:::info

> User information is not propagated when a delegate agent is started from external sources. As a result, all subsequent operations by the delegate agent will be recorded under the "SYSTEM" user. This includes the creation, deletion, and upsertion of delegates. This behaviour is expected during the platform's upgrade process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User information is not propagated when a delegate is started from external sources. All delegate operations are recorded under the SYSTEM user in the audit trail. The **Action** column displays actions when a delegate is created, updated, or upserted. For more information about the audit trail, go to [View audit trail](/docs/platform/governance/audit-trail/).
```
